Now there's one thing you will notice.
If you enter a goal here and here I will quickly use the same goal over and over again.
Even though that gives me an error.
But the Apple continue work to work so let's ignore the warning at the bottom.
If I entered this often enough you see at some point of time will exceed the boundaries of the screen
but by default you can scroll.
And that's something which can be really confusing if you're getting started with React Native because
of your coming from the web there.
You can always scroll the browser by default makes your page scroll lable if your content exceeds the
boundaries of the page here.
That's not the same.
You don't get scrolling just because your content goes beyond the boundaries of your screen.
Instead your content is just not reachable anymore.
Now obviously that's not an option that's a horrible user experience you want to have a scroll level
content but in native apps you have to be explicit about the fact that this page or a part of this page
should be scroll lable and it's the same and react native therefore.
So here what we can do is we can use a number of component baked interact native and that's the scroll
view and as the name suggests this is a view which is grown label.
So now we can replace this view here which holds our list items with the scroll view on the scroll view
you also got properties that allow you to configure it.
You can just place your cursor here and hit controlled space to get an idea of what you can set or check
out the official docs.
For example you could set horizontal to scroll horizontally but here I'll leave the default which is
vertical scrolling and by just adding this you will see that now if I add learn React Native a dozen
times here.
So let me fill that page now does a scroll of as you can see I can now scroll my content and only the
part which is wrapped in the scroll view.
We could have wrapped it around the entire page so we could have replaced this view here with a scroll
view or wrap this with a scroll view so that would all the work.
It's also something we can do and then the entire pages scroll lable.
So if I now add learn React Native here
you'll see that now the entire page scrolls here and I guess you can even scroll without items that's
the default I was behavior but it of course always bounces back but that's up to you where you at this.
And here I just want to have a subsection of the screen which is scroll lable so I only wrap this section
with the scroll view.
But this is of course a super important component for any content where you can't guarantee that it
fits onto the screen.
No of course you might think that with all these device sizes available you can never guarantee this
but there are certain pieces of content like input in a button which you will always be able to fit
onto the screen and which also can be configured to resize them selves to fit onto the screen whereas
there is other content typically lists of data like this year where you can't guarantee it and where
you just know after 10 or 20 items it will definitely exceed any screen.
And that's the content you want to wrap into a scroll view over content like input buttons hardcoded
static text.
So basically any content where you know how many items you'll have in advance typically can be squeezed
onto a screen with the right tools namely with Flex box which will also do for all at this course but
for a dynamically generated content like this you definitely want a scroll view.